five ways to market your business and
generate instant sales without ads there
are ton of great marketing channels but
some of them are just too expensive or
take too long to provide results seo can
take six plus months to produce results
and even though it's worth it in the
long run you may not have that much time
paid ads they're just too expensive when
you're starting off and you have little
to no money
so here are five ways to drive instant
sales
strategy number one create affiliate
program from hotmart to clickbank to
jvzoo there's dozens of affiliate
platforms out there and here's how they
work you sign up to any one of these
platforms and you can pick anyone that
has you know an audience for your
industry and a lot of them do
and what they'll do is they'll say hey
tell us your products upload them or
your services and tell us how much
you're willing to pay per sale or per
lead
and you can say all right every time
someone generates me a sale i'm going to
pay them 10
dollars hundred dollars two dollars it's
up to you now you want to be competitive
and you want to look at the other
competitors out there in your space to
see what they offer but generally
speaking you're gonna give less than
what it cost you right so here's what i
mean by that if you're selling a product
for thirty dollars and your profit on it
is twenty dollars you don't wanna give
away twenty dollars that means you'd be
left with zero you may give the
affiliate ten dollars or fifteen making
five or ten dollars is better than zero
and you only pay when they drive you
sales the affiliates go out there they
market your products your services they
take the risk they only get paid if they
drive a sale
strategy two leave comments and
responses on the web when i first
started out in this world of marketing i
spent over an hour a day responding to
people who needed help and it generated
me one to two customers every single
month i went to sites like techcrunch
mashable and funny enough i got this
strategy from p cash more of mashable
back in the day went to all the blogs
even competitor ones and i would leave
comments helping out people when they
left a comment asking a question you
want to know why
because most site owners don't respond
to people when they leave a comment
these days it's even easier because
there's social sites like twitter and
facebook groups and you can just respond
on people's channels and help them out
but over time it shows that you're
helpful you're wise you know what you're
talking about and it helps drive
customers
strategy three talk crap but in a nice
way look
when i wanted customers i would write
blog posts so for example there was this
company called raya this was years and
years ago and they had this photo app i
ended up breaking down how they were
doing all their marketing wrong in a
blog post and then i sent an outbound
email to their investors because you can
find that all out on crunchbase for free
and i even sent it out to the ceo and
exec and i got a call right away being
like i want to hire you to fix this
sometimes i would get upset but a lot of
times it would still hire me and it
works well and it still works today now
here's one trick when you're using this
make sure that you don't email too big
of customers if someone raises over 100
million dollars chances are it's not
going to work too well when someone
raises under 10 million dollars like
above two or three but under 10 works
exceptionally well even when they raise
under 30 40 million it still works
really well but the moment they're above
like a hundred million we found that it
doesn't work too well
strategy four run joint webinars we just
ran one with trustpilot every time we do
this it helps us generate at least one
to three customers like clockwork and
the way it works is you hit up other
people in your industry who have similar
type of customers but you're not direct
competitors like trustpilot is a review
site right they're not providing seo
services or paid ad management services
to customers so we can cross-sell and
what we would do is do a joint webinar
with it promote it to our audience they
promote it to their audience we got our
audience on there which sometimes turns
into customers for us and then we get a
new audience which is theirs also who
may be interested in paying for our
services at np digital right we have an
ad agency and it works like a charm and
we do webinars at least once a month and
we do it consistently because it drives
sales if it didn't i wouldn't be doing
them
strategy five publish videos on youtube
look youtube is my second most popular
marketing channel after google and
from a revenue perspective it's my third
most popular channel here's how to get
instant traction from youtube anytime
you create a video make sure it's at
least five minutes long ideally up to 10
minutes you want to use the keywords
within your video like if i say seo
within my video youtube will know it's
about seo upload srt files transcribing
your video that helps putting your
keywords in the title meta description
do your keyword research using uber says
but here's a real trick see youtube's
algorithm is the opposite of traditional
google's algorithm with google seo is
slow and steady and it takes a while
with youtube if your video does well in
the first 24 hours it can instantly rank
at the top for almost any keyword so
within the first 24 hours they'll send
out push notifications email blasts
social media posts promoting the youtube
link and it causes the video to do much
better in the first 24 hours which gives
me higher rankings than youtube in the
long run
now if you need help with your marketing
check out my ad agency np digital where
we help companies grow their traffic and
sales and revenue online if you have any
questions leave a comment below if you
enjoyed the video like it share
subscribe to the channel thank you for
watching